update deletion docs (#6869)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/operations/storage/logs-deletion.md

A delete request may be canceled within a configurable cancellation period. Set the `delete_request_cancel_period` in the compactor's YAML configuration or on the command line when invoking Loki. Its default value is 24h.

> Access to the deletion API can be enabled per tenant via the `compactor.retention_enabled` setting, which must be `true`.

Reviewer: We should probably say something like:

> Access to the deletion API can be enabled per tenant via the `compactor.deletion_mode` runtime configuration. 

`retention_enabled` is covered further up in the doc so I think we're covered ther

> Access to the deletion API can be enabled per tenant via the `compactor.retention_enabled` setting, which must be `true`.

Author: ```suggestion
As long as the `compactor.retention_enabled` setting is `true`, the API endpoints will be available. Afterwards, access to the deletion API can be enabled per tenant via the `deletion_mode` tenant override.
```
